---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8" 
date:   2019-05-28 11:00:00
category: logs
author: Jason Loan 
---

This week, we will only be meeting once as class (Tuesday, May 28). We'll use this time to dicuss initial deformance project proposals, our reading to date of *Parable* and next steps.

You have two primary goals this week:

1. Finish reading Butler's novel. 
2. Conduct some project related research.

In your logs this week, a couple of things:

Document any responses you are having to Butler's work. Questions that emerge you, connections you're making, what's interesting, etc.

*Compose an inital annotated bibliography related to your deformance project.* This bibliography should have 5 readings that you self-select.

Expecations for the annotated project bibliography:

* Format will include an citation line (MLA, APA, etc.) and a paragraph or two that annotates the text. Here's a [reference ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hz1UUSUwTGRiuwzEosiDXS8e_xNOffmHk2LwIdMV0rg/edit?usp=sharing)I wrote for writing annotated bibs for my English 101 and 102 classes. You may find this helpful.
* Your annotation has two purposes -- to 1) summarize/explicate the reading you've done and connect this reading to your proposed deformance project. In other words -- what does the reading say? and how does it help me with my project?
* Readings can and should be from be be from a varity of sources. For example, this might include popular materials like blogs or magazine articles, but should perhaps also include peer-reviewed or scholarly artciles that you would find in the [library databases](https://www.pierce.ctc.edu/library).
* Some of the readings should be about Bultler's novel, but you shoud also seek to do research into other elements of your project. For example, if your project is to make an "illuminated" of *Parable* then part of your research should be into "illuminauted manuscripts." Or, if your project is to adapt *Parable* into another genre (epic poem, borad game, etc.) then some of your reserach should be devoted to learning more about that genre.
* I will use your project proposals to offer some suggestions for readings, but don't wait for me...get your work started.
* **Tip**: Spend some time exploring *possible* readings. Use the library database as they will have abstracts and summaries and allow you to get a sense if a source will be useful to you or not. Research is about exploring. 

Logs this week will be *due* at the start of class on Monday, June 3.



