---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3" 
date:   2019-04-22 11:00:00
category: logs
author: Jason Loan 
---

* This week continue to document and reflect on your experiment with Brunetti. What insights or questions emerge for you in this work? I have asserted that this method of prototyping artictic practice is a way into writing about literature. We're still in the early stages, but I curious -- are you with me on this? Why, or even why not?
* Having read the first four chapters of McCloud, we've been introduced to what our course objectives would call the "literary" or "critical" terminology surrounding the ways we can understand comics -- "realism" and "abstraction" and "gutter." This week your challenge is to begin to apply this terminaology to your initial reading/interpretation of Nick Drnaso's *Sabrina*. For example, in class on Monday, Maggie made the assertion that Drnaso had no clue how to draw women, and that as a reader of *Sabrina* she had a hard time distinguishing between male and female characters. The work of writing about literature is take these moments of response to Drnaso's work and not dismiss them as throw away moments of mistake on either Drnaso or Maggie's part. Instead, when we write about literature we can frame this as a question we can explore like -- Why does Drnaso draw women the way he does? Or, using McCloud's critical terminology we might ask -- *Why does Drnaso employ the level of abstraction that he does in the composition of his characters?* And using McCloud's ["Big Triangle"](http://www.scottmccloud.com/4-inventions/triangle/index.html) (52-53) theory of comic style we can begin to discuss how Drnaso's use of abstraction vs. realism affects the ways we might read and understand *Sabrina*. So, in your logs this week, focus on applying a McCloud's critical terminology in talking about *Sabrina*. 
* Finally, as best you can, try to offer a sense of what you think you learned this week.
