---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2" 
date:   2019-04-16 11:00:00
category: logs
author: Jason Loan 
---

* This week I want you to try to detail your initial experience with the practice of cartooning via the excercises and homework offered by Brunetti. What is the experience of this work like for you? Be sure to share examples from your sketchbook and cite relevant details from the Brunetti's text. In the excercises he offers, Brunetti often prompts you to think about/reflect on what you've done. For example: "Compare the spectrum of your drawings..." Use these prompts to guide your log work.
* On the very first page of his book Brunetti writes -- "This instructional guide will focues as much on 'writing with pictures' as on developing ability in drawing." For Brunetti, then, cartooning is potentially less an act of drawing and more an act of writing. Brunetti seems to suggest, even seems to define *writing* as something not limited to words. What's your take on this? How do you define writing? How does your definition resonate or not with Brunetti's notion that we can *write with pictures*? If we can write with pictures, write beyond words, what else might we be able to write with?
* As we start to read McCloud's *Understanding Comics* I'm mostly curious -- what is your biggest take away from the opening chapters? What questions or insights or wonderings emerge for you about comics? About writing? Be sure to cite relevant details from the McCloud readings. I encourage you to also include smapshots of releveant portions of McCloud's book in your log.
* What connections can you make between Brunetti and McCloud?
* In my intro to the course, I assert that a key question for *writing about literature* is -- How flexible are genres (like the essay) and mediums (like comics) in performances of knowledge-making and academic work? In other words -- how flexible or expansive should notions of writing be? Are essays simply built of prose, or can comics also be and do the work of essays? How have you defined the *essay*? Would you consider McCloud's work an essay? Why, or why not? Point a moment in his work where this answer potentially becomes clear for you.
* Finally, as best you can, try to offer a sense of what you think you learned this week.
