---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4" 
date:   2019-04-30 11:00:00
category: logs
author: Jason Loan 
---

* This week continue to document and reflect on your experiment with Brunetti. What insights or questions emerge for you in this work? 
* This week -- in his "Week 7" Brunetti invites us to compose a 300 -- 500 word essay comparing two comics pages -- a favorite and not-so favorite. Draft this essay as part of your log work this week. Feel free to follow Brunetti's prompt as written if you have "favorite" and "non-favorite" comics pages in mind. *Be sure to include images of the pages you select.* Here's some variations of his prompt:

> 1. Select a "favorite" or "not favorite" page from *Sabrina* and then do the opposite from McCloud. Write your short essay comparing these two artists' pages.
> 
> 2. Select a "favorite" or "not favorite" page from *Sabrina* and compare this to a "favorite" or "not favorite" page from a another comic. (If you read graphic work, this might be a page from something in your personal library. If you don't really read comics, then you might check out a graphic novel/comic that you would be intersested in reading from the library. Find a page in this work that's interesting to you. Compare it with a page in *Sabrina*.)


* A common way to approach the interpretation of literature is to consider what a given work is perhaps attempting to show us about the world in which it is produced. What about the culture in which the work of literature is composed shapes the potential meaning of the work? Take a stab at doing this kind of thinking in relation *Sabrina* -- What does *Sabrina* have to tell us about living in American in the early stages of the 21st Century? How does Drnaso's use of the comic form -- realism/abstraction, grids, time frames, lines -- help him convey these potential ideas about Ameriacn life/experience? (Remember to reference McCloud.)
* Finally, as best you can, try to offer a sense of what you think you learned this week.
